[JIRO] Watanabe! I have
class duties today,
so I'm gonna head out early.
I could've sworn we had
more recycling than this.
[AKARI] Nope, thassit.
Hold up, your tie is all wonky.
Oh, thank you.
[JIRO] I'm a total nobody
with nothing going for me.
But somehow...
Make yourself shorter.
[JIRO] I got paired up with the
most popular girl in school.
She really is cute.
No wonder everyone's
in love with her.
[JIRO gasps]
[AKARI] If you can't
make your perverted eyes
stop staring my chest,
then I will.
[JIRO] I wasn't!
I-I just like your shirt!
[JIRO gasping]
Have a good day and be
safe out there, okay?
[JIRO] Sometimes I
live in the delusion,
and imagine what it'd be like
if we were married for real.
That's enough of that, big boy!
Don't forget the
recycling, capeesh?
[JIRO sighs]
[JIRO] I'll try my best today.
That's all I can do, right?
Oh, hey Jiro! Happy morning!
Hey, Shiori, you're early.
[SHIORI]
Class duties call!
[JIRO] Huh? Isn't it supposed
to be me and Hamano?
Crap! Did I get
the days mixed up?
No, don't worry.
You're right, but because Mei
has a club leaders' meeting
after school,
she asked me to fill in.
[JIRO]
Wait, really?
It's been since middle school!
We haven't had duties
together since then, right?
Wow. Yeah, I think you're right.
This is too good to be true!
Chin up, Jiro,
it's your lucky day!
It was nice. Thanks, Mei.
Nice? So, your plan
to jump his bones
first thing in the morning
didn't pan out?
[SHIORI coughing]
That was never my plan! Hush!
I'm just teasing you. [laughs]
So, maybe don't jump him, but
you gotta tell him how you feel.
Dude, this is Yakuin
we're talking about here.
It's just... I don't think Jiro
thinks of me in that way
in the slightest.
Sounds to me like somebody needs
a reality check--he likes you.
The fact you're the only girl
he talks to makes
that painfully clear.
That's the problem.
It's not because he likes me,
it's because he knows me.
Until recently, I was
the only girl he knew.
You've gotta give it a shot,
and switching duties
gives you the perfect chance.
Don't waste my kindness, dude!
Take some action!
If you want him to think
of you that way, kiss him!
Ki--
[MEI]
If you keep skirting around it,
his fake ball and chain might
beat you to the punch!
Oh, gosh, don't be sad!
It was only a joke.
You gotta be
confident in yourself!
You're seriously one of
the best people I know.
Did my pep talk work?
Mm-hm!
[AKARI sneezes]
'Scuse me.
Sick?
Lovesick perhaps.
Butt out, bestie.
C'mon, love's in the air!
Real talk, apparently ten
practical pairs have legit
started dating. Isn't that wild?
[NATSUMI] Dang! I guess
"marriage-practical magic"
isn't total bull. We do spend
hella time with our partners.
Those dummies are
just getting caught up
in the mood of everything,
that's all.
[AKARI]
Why the faces?
No offense, girly, but you've
been watching Yakuin
like a horny hawk and us
birdwatchers have seen it.
[AKARI] What the hell
is that supposed to mean?
As your friend, I'm going
to love whoever you love,
no matter what, okay?
But ol' virgy-wirgy's a tough
pill for a girl to swallow.
What?
[SACHI]
Akari is our pure flower baby!
Maybe she needs another pure
flower baby to match, ya feel?
[NATSUMI] True, at least
she's not getting chucked
in some creep's van.
Huh? I don't like him!
Like, no duh!
Minami is the peak of humanity
and I won't settle for less!
Still down bad with the Minami
bug, huh? Totes get that, boo.
Fair enough, well, I guess that
brings us back to square one.
Yeah, for real.
[SHIORI sighs]
Gosh, was that the last of them?
[JIRO]
Yeah, think so.
I'm super sorry I made you
carry all that junk.
No prob, I could
do that in my sleep!
You're the best. Thanks, Jiro.
Sure.
All that's left is to clean
the blackboard, right?
[SHIORI] Yup! Today brought
back so many memories.
It's like we're in
middle school again.
[JIRO]
Yeah, totally.
[JIRO] Come on, man,
progress the conversation!
She's trying to talk to you.
Just say something, just do it!
[JIRO]
Why is my brain so empty?
Oh yeah! Remember Mister Hatae?
From middle school?
Taught science?
[JIRO] Huh? Uh, was he the one
with the kooky clothes?
Uh-huh! Funny enough,
I ran into him
at the grocery store the other
day. He was wearing this bright,
funky shirt that made me
recognize him on sight!
That's crazy!
Forgot about that guy!
Nothing's changed
for the weirdo, huh?
[AKARI] Why hasn't that doofus
read my message yet?
The way I said it makes
me sound uber desperate
to go shopping with him.
That's right, class duties. Ji--
[SHIORI]
He seemed really happy.
[AKARI] Wait a sec,
why am I hiding from them?
Oops!
Jiro? Close your eyes and
lean down a little, please.
[JIRO]
Huh?!
Huh? Is this a dream?
Close my eyes and
lean down a little?
Is she really about to...?
[JIRO grunting]
There was a teensy bit
of chalk dust on you.
Thank you!
Anytime! I'm gonna find
a window and beat these.
[JIRO]
I'm a creep! I smooched the air!
I should be arrested!
[JIRO]
We spent so much time together,
and we're still
right where we were.
[SHIORI] I knew I wouldn't
be able to do it!
Sorry to let you down, Mei!
[JIRO sighs] Nothing ended up
happening. Could be worse.
If I had confessed
my feelings back then
and she had shot me down,
we wouldn't be able to
hang out like we did today.
When did I get so boring?
If she has a single
nice memory of me
tucked away somewhere,
it'd be a miracle.
[AKARI] Watch out gloomy,
coming through.
I'm in milk mood, but I heated
up way too much. Want some?
Yeah, that sounds pretty good.
Appreciate it.
[AKARI]
You seem depressed.
Nah, I'm fine.
[AKARI] Cool. Did things
go well with Sakurazaka?
Uh, well enough.
I can't even, you're like
the worst liar ever.
[JIRO] Hush! If you know it went
bad, then don't ask about it!
You poor baby.
Don't cry bout' it.
[JIRO]
Not helping!
Uh-- Whoa, the sky is
crazy bright right now.
No kidding! S'like all
the stars came out to play!
Right? Feels like I'm in space.
Wow! Too bad Minami's
not here right now.
I bet the stars would look even
prettier if I was with him.
Boo-frikkety-hoo.
You're stuck with boring me.
I bet the stars would prefer to
have Tenjin looking at them.
Apparently I have
"perverted eyes."
Not to be weird, but try
using my first name real quick.
[JIRO yelps]
That's freakin' hot!
[AKARI]
It's not hard, dude. A-ka-ri!
Where'd that even come from?
And what if I don't want to?
Please, you call Sakurazaka
"Shiori" all day long.
News flash,
I'm your wife, not her.
Gimme a break! It's different.
Shiori is just,
well, I don't know.
[AKARI] Too embarrassed to call
a hottie by her first name?
That's our virg for ya!
Number one in all Japan!
No, I'm not letting you
bully me into it. Nice try.
[AKARI]
Boo.
Well, whatevs. I only
mention it cause I love my name.
Its sick that it means "light,"
plus its written using
the character for "star."
And like, not to be emo,
but sometimes my confidence
starts to bottom out.
If that happens to me when
we're at home or out together
or whatever, it would help if
you could call me by my name.
I think that it would
make me feel a lot better.
So get in some practice!
You don't wanna be unprepared
when the time comes!
[JIRO]
Aka...ri.
[AKARI gasps]
Funny. In a way, I'm kind of
glad I don't have a cool name
like you do. I'm pretty sure
I'd spend my whole life
failing to live up to it.
But your name, it works.
The name "Akari"
suits you really well.
Uh... [grunting]
I'm sorry, that was
way too much.
Let's just pretend it never
happened, okay?
[AKARI]
No way.
[JIRO]
Huh?
[AKARI]
Say it again. C'mon!
It's annoying that I'm all
sweet and call you Jiro
when you refuse to
use my first name!
I don't get what's
"annoying" about that!
It's like you're not
even in love! Just me!
And "annoying's" the way
you'd describe that?
[BOTH grunt]
In love, huh?
No. It's not like that.
It was hypothetical.
Just practical stuff.
Silly me. My bad.
I should've known, duh.
I've just never had anyone say
anything like that to me before.
[AKARI]
Okay, goodnight!
[JIRO]
Uh, goodnight.
[JIRO] She has Tenjin!
She didn't mean it seriously.
Don't be delusional, Jiro. Jeez.
[AKARI]
Crap. I hate this!
What do I do now?
I'm so confused.
[TEACHER A] It happens
around this time every year.
Students' focus shifts
toward the practical
and away from their course work,
your class has it
worse than usual.
So, starting now, we are
going to be implementing
a series of additional exams.
Just like with your
regular tests,
those who fail will take
supplementary lessons.
The key difference
is that your score
will be combined with your
practical partner's score.
Supplementary lessons will be
taken together, as well.
[JIRO]
Shenanigans! Shenanigans!
You've gotta be kidding me,
they don't tell you
it's sold out till
you're at checkout?
Why would they even list
it then? This sucks toes.
[JIRO] This is bad.
Depending on the subject,
my performance is pretty far
below average! I'm a goner!
No way in hell Shiori and
Tenjin get anything less
than straight A's. If I get
anything lower than a B...
[AKARI]
Yo, bitch.
[JIRO]
Eh?
C stands for castrate.
[JIRO]
My manhood!
[AKARI] Karaoke? You know it,
I'm so down!
[JIRO] Hold up. Is Watanabe any
good when it comes to academics?
[AKARI]
So, like, death metal mode?
[JIRO] She comes to class,
but she hangs out with friends
every day after school.
When does she study? Or...
[AKARI]
Yo! Glad I ran into you, Jiro.
Buy us some fabric softener.
Get our fave with
the green flowers.
Sure. Also, we really
need to start talking
about this test
they're springing on us.
[AKARI] Can't right now.
I got invited to karaoke.
Some dudes from this fancy
all boys' school
are gonna be there.
Is somebody jelly? Aw, so sad.
I didn't realize that
it would bug you.
[JIRO]
It doesn't!
Are you positive that
you're going to do good
on this test, though?
[gasps]
Yeah! Duh!
Stuff like that always
works out for me somehow.
How can you be so sure? Aren't
there a couple of subjects
you struggle with or concepts
you don't understand?
Subjects I struggle with...
Could we rehash what the
subjects are real quick?
Real good one.
Absolute knee-slapper.
Chill. If I start working
tomorrow, I'll be totally fine.
You have nothing to worry
about, pinky promise.
[JIRO]
Let's go.
I can't go with you,
they asked for me.
You understand what'll happen
if you blow off this test,
don't you? You'll end up
farther away from Tenjin!
[AKARI]
Yeah, I guess, but--
[JIRO]
But nothing!
Hang out with your friends some
other time, it's just karaoke!
Dude, it's not my friends!
Those guys asked for me
specifically to come with them.
That's hard to turn down.
Well, I'm a guy.
I'm asking for you, too.
Come on. Let's go home.
Well, fine! I'm not dumb,
I get it! This sucks.
You're so desperate.
You only give a crap cause
Sakurazaka's involved.
[MEI] Oh, okay! I just have
to go like this, right?
[SHIORI]
That's right! You'll do great.
[MEI]
You're a good tutor, dude!
You make this stuff easy!
Yeesh, these additional
tests are so mean.
I guess you're probably not
too worried with Tenjin
as your partner, but trust me,
you two geniuses
are in the minority.
[SHIORI]
You're a super-fast learner!
You really shouldn't
be worried either.
Eh, thanks. I'm confident
when it comes to sports,
but school is certifiably
not my thing.
[SHIORI laughs]
You gave me a good starting
point though. Thank you!
[SHIORI]
Any old time!
In return, maybe I can
tutor you in the type of stuff
you're clearly struggling with.
[SHIORI]
What type is that?
Just the kissing type.
[SHIORI gasps]
You meanie!
[laughing]
I nearly popped a lung when I
heard about your chalk evasion
that went down the other day.
[SHIORI]
Don't remind me!
I can perfectly imagine the
doofy look on Yakuin's face.
Stop talking about it!
[MEI laughing]
[SHIORI gasps]
It's funny, last time
we did this, you know...
[inaudible]
Agh! This is killing me!
Dude, you've only done a
couple of problems so far.
[JIRO] The future is bleak.
She picks things up quickly
when I teach her, but
she seems to have some
deep-rooted issue
with studying itself.
Hey, let's keep trying
for a little bit longer.
I'm by no means a whiz, but I
can help you with some math.
We can figure out
the rest together.
[AKARI] Awesome. Anything for
darling Sakurazaka, right?
[JIRO] Huh? What are you
mumbling about?
[AKARI grunts]
Oh, just nunya.
[JIRO growls]
I'm so bored.
Can you think of something
more fun we can do together?
[JIRO gasps]
[AKARI]
I'll do anything.
Whatever your heart
desires, so do I.
[AKARI]
So? What do you want, Daddy?
Daddy wants you to hit
the books and study!
King of the nerds would rather
play with books than boobies,
huh? I'm floored,
surprise of the century.
[JIRO]
Listen, you--
[AKARI]
Missed opportunity, chief.
You can't just seduce your
way out of studying! Jeez.
Hey look, Watanabe.
You had it right up to here.
Huh?
Nice. Try to finish it out
like we did that last one.
[AKARI]
Okay. So, two X is T, right?
I should bring this
bad boy over here.
Oh, hell yeah!
I mathed that shiz!
[AKARI]
Finally. It's over!
[JIRO]
You worked really hard!
We made it way further
than I thought we would.
I told you I was gonna be fine.
I'm just a genius like that.
[JIRO]
Big time, I believe it.
[JIRO] She seems to be praise
motivated, so might as well.
Uh! What? I'm not kidding, I
think that you're really smart!
Well, thanks a lot, Mister Jiro.
You're so easy!
[laughs] One little "Mister"
and your heart is racing, huh?
Guys always seem a little
too into that kinda crap.
Why is that?
[JIRO] Come on, I don't
speak for all men!
Forget it, let's just clean
this junk and eat dinner.
Okay. As you wish, Master Jiro.
[JIRO growls]
[JIRO] She's teasing me
more than usual today.
Well, how was that?
More of a master
than a mister guy?
[JIRO] All that I am is a hungry
and annoyed guy!
Stop doing that and
help me clean up!
I'm pissed off.
Your loser self is better
at school stuff than I am.
Just let me get to you so I can
win at something today, jeez.
No way I'm gonna
let you get to me.
And this isn't about
winning or losing, so--
[JIRO gasping]
Hey. No fair!
Tell me, does this get to you?
Your heart racing, virg?
Cut it out! Don't ignore me.
Let me win and we can eat!
[JIRO]
Think, Jiro!
Naked grandma, naked grandma,
naked grandma.
[JIRO gasps]
What the--?
[AKARI]
You sneak glances all the time.
You have my full
permission to look now.
[AKARI laughs]
[JIRO] Oh, shit! How do we
keep getting in this position?
C'mon little man, you
better not make us lose!
[JIRO grunting]
[gasps]
[JIRO yelps]
[AKARI]
Come on already.
[JIRO]
Can't... resist... anymore!
[heartbeats]
Whoa. I can hear it from here.
Your heart's beating
like crazy right now.
It's pounding hard.
You're right.
Welp, that makes you the loser.
So sorry, buddy.
[gasps]
Jiro, dude? I was teasing.
Huh? Your face is
so serious, stop.
I wasn't being for real.
[AKARI]
Chill out! It was just a joke!
[AKARI gasping]
[AKARI]
This is too much.
Jiro...
Wait, hold up!
You're bleeding!
[JIRO]
Hm?!
[AKARI laughs]
You freakin' nerd! How cute!
[JIRO] Shut up! All I
wanted was to study!
[JIRO]
That could've been really bad.
Thank you all
powerful nosebleed!
You saved my life.
Jeez. Why have you been
acting so weird today?
Because you've been losing
your dang mind over this test
keeping you away
from Sakurazaka.
[JIRO]
What?
You're so panicky.
I just want things to be normal
and chill like they usually are.
[JIRO]
It's not like I'm panicking over
my situation alone.
The sooner you get to be with
Tenjin, the better, right?
From the second we
were paired together,
you've been the one
earning us points.
More than anything,
I've just held us back.
I'm sure you would've
thrived no matter who
you were paired with.
You're naturally good at this,
and you've helped me a ton.
I figured now that this academic
stuff has been thrown
into the mix, that I
might actually be able
to help you out with something,
too, at least a bit.
[AKARI] If there wasn't
a tissue up your nose,
that would've sounded cool.
Hey, let me and my
tissue live in peace,
I'm trying my best here,
you got that?!
Don't say anything about
my nose at school!
[AKARI] If we keep doing
well and reach A rank,
we'll be changing partners
before we know it.
For the rest of my life,
I'll never get to welcome
Jiro home again.
The scent of our favorite
fabric softener will fade,
and our clothes will start
to smell like other people.
But that's what we've
gotta do, right?
Besides, this is just a silly
class assignment after all.
[JIRO] I did worse on our modern
Japanese test than she did?
"What can be gained from finding
something more enjoyable
than studying?" What kind
of question is that?
I'm so bored.
Can you think of something
more fun we can do together?
[JIRO]
Uh?!
Censored! Nothing I could come
up with was appropriate at all!
Next time, "A Male Virgin,
but No Female Virgin."